he doesn't want people to know so he
does a little off-duty work as a talent
scout this uncle is president of
international Studios Hollywood
no I think he's a Shriner but anyway
don't let this get out you are the only
one that I'm telling mommy well you got
a great personality how officer Perkins
to raise the heck out of a thank you
note
you look kinda big these beauty contests
oh yeah they've been all over me too
well can you tell us a little about your
plans for the future Janine well I'd
like to combine my interest in art with
my interest in science so I hope to do
cancer research during the day and top
dance on Broadway at night
well I'm not surprised to see the sort
of turnout we have for the next portion
of the miss early magnolia festival
especially considering that it's the
swimsuit competition if miss Kimberly
will call out the names of the girls
I'll sit back